Remove Puppet 6 support (EOL) (#2097)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_supported-puppet-versions-and-system-requirements.adoc

{Project} supports the following Puppet versions:

* Puppet 7

System Requirements::
Before you begin integrating Puppet with your {Project}, ensure that you meet the system requirements.

> For details, see https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7/system_requirements.html[System Requirements for Puppet 7] in the _Open Source Puppet_ documentation.

Reviewer: Nothing critical, just sticking with how we normally present links.
```suggestion
For more information, see https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/7/system_requirements.html[System Requirements for Puppet 7] in the _Open Source Puppet_ documentation.
```
